so. Okay. So it is Wednesday, October the sixteenth, 2,008, and we are talking to.
Now tell me your whole name, Mahoning. Yeah, if you got a long one.
Yes, I do. Awesome. Yeah. So I normally ask people to start at the beginning.
So can you tell me if I said when and where you were born?
Well, I was born in Belgium Hospital. Okay, February the eighteenth, 1,979. Okay, I believe it was a Thursday.
I'm just live I don't know I know though it was a beautiful no, Actually, it was a snowstorm, a very bad blizzard, and it snowed 3 feet and it was hard, because my mom couldn't get an
ambulance to get her, so she had to get in the cat.
She thought I was going to be a cab baby but thank God I wasn't like you were going to be born in again.
You took me to the hospital. you made it to the hospital.
So. and then it was me okay, and I was born and raised in beloved projects.
Then we moved up, and so tell me a little bit about your family already mentioned, but a little bit about my family.
My grandmother moves down here she's from North Carolina.
Originally she moved up to Harlem. She was 17.
She got married, had a kids, and she decided she wanted to leave Harlem, and she moved down his float East Side When she first got down.
Here was 2 buildings, and it was marshland. It was 2 building.
The for which was 2 buildings and she told me that The the demographics of the area were actually Jewish Chinese and Italian about every little lifting nose and very few blacks. though and do you set a funny joke I don't
know if this is racist or not. But I want to share it, she said, before the Chinese moved.
Then there was a lot of cats, and how they came.
So then, all of a sudden, there was a bunch of Chinese restaurants, so you know, she always tells me don't eat.
That's the chatty that's just my little funny joke to shave when they were growing up.
They moved him real like as teenagers, pre teams, teenagers.
And at that time Granny was still around But They had a lot of like community that's happening There's actually embarrassment.
Something called the White House. that's been shut down for ever since I've ever known. used to be pool. It used to be a pool.
It used to be a center community center, pulled recreation, dance studios, all of that shame, and they close it down.
So whatever I used to be scared to death of that building because a lot of winos and drug addicts used to hang out over there, and they got really dark at night.
So we used to run past the White House. But yeah, talk about your childhood a little bit like, Tell me, you remember about growing up in Bruce.
I never thought out of this project. Okay, that might sound crazy but I didn't think of it as that it was
It was a dances man. I don't want to say like that Maybe that sounds Corny, too.
No, I used to climb the trees. My brother and I and my friend used to climb the trees, you know.
Play, freeze, tag, manhunt all those type of games they have.
The park was a wonderful place like that. was the place to be like I.
My mom used to send me to the store for breakfast, and I will never come back.
I will stay out till like 5 o'clock, with the milk and the eggs and the core rats, and everything like that.
Where were you? I was like Oh, I forgot something. So was that cool like?
Were you able to go out and explore? It was so safe I mean it was safe.
But at the same time, I guess, if you if you if you had negative behaviors.
Obviously my family. We weren't big street people, there were some family members who were hungry on the streets who got involved in to drugs and gain stuff like that as a whole, though my family's a really holistic type family
really spiritual, you know, will come from my grandmother's Job was with this.
My mom was. I was raised the Muslim, and at that time there were no Muslims out here.
Very few Muslims. So that was a struggle for me and my siblings, you know, because young we we wear our head scars, and they will get pulled off, and everything like that.
So it was a bit of culture shop, because, like inside the home, it was a total different atmosphere than once you stepped outside the doors.
Yeah. Now, how did your mom come to Islam End of 60? in a late seventh, early late sixtys early seventys?
She was Muslim as the well of my uncle. She moved to Atlanta. Then she moved to Dc.
Where she met my dad, and and that's how all of that went down.
So my family were actually black pants is a lot that very political activist, and I mean, i'm talking about they were.
They were making an instance in the bathtub like that's how serious it was.
My uncle is still a merchant, and he was actually. he had one of the first stores on Avenue, a right across the street.
From Samson Square Park. He had a bookstore New World trading so.
And Are you still practicing, Muslim? Yes, I am.
I guess we got a little older. wanted to be a little more here.
I wanted to be a little more. Yeah, do what I want to do kind of thing.
But my sister, everybody else still covers the next I just don't.
But yeah, that's unique in this neighborhood yeah very unique to you never feel.
Yes, I don't even know what you're gonna say but yes, I mean it was definitely a struggle, because not only that they were when I was growing up.
It was a large population of Latinos very large. Yeah, what was the makeup in Bruce?
It was Latino. I was Latino Africa, very few like.
When my mom was growing up. there were more African-american families than they were when I was growing up, the ones who stayed, or the families that I know, and a lot of Latinos.
And it was a struggle growing up as an African-american young lady in this neighborhood, because you know, being accepted and things like that.
When I was young I had very long hair, extremely long hair, you know.
I just actually come on here like 2 weeks ago so I haven't even seen it.
So she's like love is probably the screen but I have very long hair.
So the Latino girls are like you know and the black girls were like, so I kind of really didn't fit in, and I was kind of always really political myself.
I was a little pro black. I used to wear Malcolm X. buttons, t-shirts all of that.
You know, because of my family, because I influence from my family. Exactly so.
I was very, very, very political in that way, very militant in that way.
So I knew a lot of people could grab didn't relate to me on that aspect.
You know what I mean, but I also danced. The arts were the big thing for me.
So now let me meet you. school where we were in Shakespearean plays.
Thank godness, it was actually believe that because, you know, we went all over the country touring, you know we did miss some nice during the chemistry settlement.
So much outer, I would, I like to say I had a good childhood.
My father passed away. that's the only thing I think really affected my childhood other than that I had a very good nucleus.
My mom was the best. She actually worked here for 15 years I think that's why I got came into this work.
Yeah, but what is it playing as you can? Where did you play?
First of all just embraced about playgrounds. Oh, yeah, Right next to my house there was a park in front of miles to the parking side of Miles, and it parking the back of my house, and then we had the Fda drive.
Hello, guys are so lucky because a lot of kids went on a lot for tennis, and so they just played in the street.
Exactly, and we were very fortunate in that way, I think.
But now a lot of those parts are getting taken away from us.
Unfortunately, like the big park will be used to frequent now it's a football field, and it's reserved for a bard. Early college. it's like Ok.
That's all good but you know what about the rest of the day when you guys on in session like the kids can't. But people you i'm using I mean like I said I don't live here anymore. so I don't know how many I
don't know if people frequent these places I don't really know as much as I did then.
But I know when I grew up I got scars to prove it.
Yeah, we used to run through everywhere. It was and in the middle of the roots.
It's actually a shelter called the castle they call it. And that was a big part of the childhood, too, because my mom was like, Don't go over there to the shelter kids and the castle kids the
caskers, and they were like very ostracized. but it turned out, I'm, I want to marry them castle kids.
Look at that. so they weren't that bad they weren't so bad.
But it was just the whole racial tension with the Latinos.
It was hard fitting in, because you know. Oh, yeah because you because it's a lot of things like as I grew up.
I learned Spanish. and you would think they're saying something that's very derogatory when they say more in that.
Well, they wasn't it was just how they were saying it so? Of course you're going to get defensive if you hear somebody say order that in the tone and it's like who are you talking about so certain words you would look for like nigrita all of that so what are you talking about
me your Mother's your mother looks like me like that was my thing because I knew my history because of my background.
I was like. Do you even know what Puerto Rico?
What is what Puerto Rico is made out of?
Who your ancestors were, Do you, you know even some Dominican?
I just say you know the way should stop us slaves. They stopped at the Dominican Republic before they came to America.
So I kind of think you're a little more African to me, and that always was a big, I mean always had very exposed as a soldier.
I used to school everybody about their coaches like what you don't know your people did it So me being that way in this environment growing up was difficult, because you know, kids my aids didn't care about that kind of stuff never really
literally reading Malcolm X. are 8 years old. Who am I going to talk to about that like?
Am I going to talk to my friend Maria about Malcolm X.
No, she was. We were playing with the little pony, my little pony, right now.
Couch patch kids who's thinking about that but thinking about Jim.
We were thinking about thunder cats, you were really politically aware.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I think for more for that, because I opened my eyes a lot of things.
So a lot of things that I learned to be a critical thinker. Yeah, you know.
And I wish other people had that. but I Think being that my mom worked here. She spread that to a community residents, so i'm thankful for that.
I'm thankful for that now. you talked about some racial tensions, and I know that you know there have been times in the neighborhood that have been sort of higher crime than others.
I mean was that something that you experienced that affected you directly?
Did you see? Did you see violence was something that you how to deal with?
But at this way I grew up in print era. The 80 S.
Was crack error. you know what it's all of course, there was violence, of course.
It was violence. Of course it was drugs, but I would say that I didn't growing up chocolate school age.
Yeah, I didn't see it I didn't I didn't pay attention to it.
I guess I could. I know it was there. you know so you know at the certain time when the street lights come on. You go in the house because they're gonna start shooting out.
We knew how to handle. Yeah, definitely I mean when you when you're brought up in a situation where many people consider at risk. I mean for you. it's not adverse that's your life.
Yeah. So I was like, No, I just have to say, well go around the obstacles. go.
If you know that in the big park at 12 o'clock, they have in a game, me and a Zulu nation meeting you don't go to the big park. You go around the bitcloth You know what i'm saying so I
mean it definitely was there, but as a teenager Yes, the violence was there, because I don't know for some reason teenagers like to fight.
I don't know what it is about it at the age I don't know if it's a cesarone.
I don't know what it is but every day it was a fight after school every day, every day, every day they were to fight afterwards. I wasn't a big fight I was more of the peacemaker like come on brothers and
sisters. We don't need to meet the Linux, you know. I was more one of those.
But we like the talker. Yeah, what do you show much of man?
You know I was the mediator. I think that I need it to be there because this didn't make sense to me to fight like it. just.
It makes sense to me if it's a life-and-death situation. You have to understand it.
But He's stuck on his snake he'll wipe it off.
That was my whole thing. You know what I mean, but growing up, and when I got older, as I got older, Junior High School has 2 age and those a lot of the people who I was hanging that way were selling drugs and you
know, smoking pot smoking, but smoking weed, or whatever you know, drinking fortys, you know, and I never really say the pot.
And a lot of times he could say Oh, you're just a good t-shirt that was probably good to t shoot, and I didn't mind being called a good or 2. Job. like Listen.
I put a weights until I read for one thing with a religious thing for me, so I wasn't gonna do it, anyway.
But then for me it was like you know what one thing I don't have money.
Be spending on that, you know I could buy something else like clothes or cute plan, or my hand, or yeah, exactly.
And you know you're destroying yourself and that's how I always.
It's funny because man i'm older you know I have my social life.
I do what I do. but at the same time when I was growing up, I really didn't like to see people do it.
All my friends hanging out I didn't like to see them drinking. I didn't like to see them smoking like I was hit cigarette like they would if I was coming up put it up some kind of thing and then It was
cool, but you know I got older. I saw the part taken him, and smoke in a little bit of cigarettes, drinking low liquids.
All that it's like Yes yes but I waited till I was 21 like you were supposed to until I was ready to really deal with it, because I looked back.
I'm like damn they must have had a lot of pain Well, you're mature enough to make Yeah, but the whole thing is, though I know that like they had a lot of pain like a lot of people all over well they had a lot
of pain that's why they did what they did and then family like, you know, they had a lot of addicts in their family, So you know they learn behaviors, you know.
So so tell me, basically, your schooling history you went to school in neighborhood.
Excuse me i'm with the thought that's all i'll do something that was very jealous of because she was not in the smart class, and I got skipped on the seventh of the night.
Oh, the 2 rays, and they don't mean anything or Then I was from muse.
Can art uptown. I literally just interviewed another girl who went there.
She's better than you if I did not but she was telling me, even if she was there at the same time of God. She said it was huge. I didn't realize how big it was. it's you have to think about it's how many different
majors this vocal music dance drama instrumental So it's 4 different majors.
The school had like 8 9 floors. I took up a whole block.
It had a basement, had a huge theater It had 2 theaters, 2 theaters elevator.
It was a big school. So if I went to school I wanted on her, anyway, unless she was a part of my crew, and most of the time that you stick to your friends who are in the same department but you know, awesome so yeah,
what's I went straight to city college a lot and I actually took a long break from it, and I just graduated at my Ba.
Sometimes life happens and you got to step back if I could redo it.
I definitely Wouldn't even think about the stuff I was thinking about, and I would have just been thinking about school.
But you know what was done is done. What was your degree in?
Excuse me your degree like what? Oh, my mother, Were you ways for psychology?
Very cool and it's strange because I didn't want to do that?
I really do so. Why did I did it because I always out Because at the time I was going with my own little stuff, and I just wanted to learn to figure myself out.
Yeah, i'd like Let me take some psychology maybe i'll figure myself. There are some tools, but I've noticed that I just become over analytical.
It's right it's. a blessing in the curse you know. I mean when I first went to school, I wanted to go for film and video fema video.
But at the time they had, like all the professors were working, so all the classes were like at 9 o'clock in the evening, and it's in Harlem, and at the time I was living in Brooklyn.
So I was like, yeah no i'm gonna drop that i'm gonna do this so that's what happened with that.
So let me ask you a little bit about your opinions about how the neighborhood has changed in the time that you seen it, and I don't live here anymore.
But you obviously come back and you spend your time here. How do you sort of see what's been happening.
That's crazy here, because you know I mean I can't even i'm gonna tell you when I knew the indication that I had that things will change if when they saw the pave in the streets and when clinton street used to
come this way I didn't tell you this way I remember that I mean I wasn't here, but that's you know, like once I started doing stuff like that.
I was like. Oh, and they came in hard to get the drug dealers right?
Well, yeah, they did. but you know they always leave a little bit of cracking us in A.
You know, you have to appease a great right there was like a period whether like now, where we're gonna yeah, yeah, I mean, the neighborhood has changed so much.
The point that the building that's right here on this corner is now condominium lofts.
I don't know. Yeah, used to be the crack sounds like you know what I mean.
All these, all these buildings long the street right here. This whole strip pistry actually was like Dopey Hayden get cracked with dope feeding haven.
You could get any, and it was like you would see people leaning like you know.
So now it's like tree line and everything you know what i'm saying, Now the shoot is actually you can actually drive up the street without your car getting into the deepest pothole.
So it's unfortunate that they started cleaning up the neighborhood for the people who were coming in the neighborhood opposed to cleaning up the neighborhood for the people who actually live in the neighborhood.
But a lot of people argument is well you know they don't take care of it, so they must not want it.
But if you don't have the if you're not aware if you don't know, then if you don't think you have the power, because the thing is this: the people the roots is one of the largest projects in
Manhattan. I think it's the largest in Manhattan.
It may be the largest it might be the large I think it is it's huge.
It's very big, and these people are coming from all types of situations, you know.
Some of them are just coming here to America you know what I'm saying so.
How do you expect people to say, Hey, I will need my street light fixed?
If they don't know English or if they come in from a domestic violence situation, or that that got burnt out.
I mean people are coming from the greatest situation that's not and the people who do know it's unfortunate that people know that it's like people's lives overseas politics, and it shouldn't be like that because your lives are you
know, directly affected by the politicians and the community board members, and the even the 10 patrol people you know, and people don't go out to these meetings.
People don't go and make noise about people don't say hey?
I live here, and I need this so it went from mom and pop shops to all these boutiques that no one here can even shop in, you know.
And it's like and I only want to make a race thing because it's more of a class that it's more of a class thing, and it's like even you see African-american swimming over here Now,
that's totally like disconnected so like actually David do I have it in my I'm.
Actually doing a paper myself on on my program on the need for committee citizens and local income areas, and and I would look up low East Side, and it happened to be some type of blog or something. And it was like Oh, the lower East.
Side is nice. It's cool people if you're single you could hang out theater at all right, and i'm thinking about Is this the same Lower East Side that I lived in because no like you know what I mean Oh,
There's bars and clubs and the nightlife is this is but the this is what the email the messages are saying.
And then one guy has a nerve to say the only dow fault is the projects it's kind of it's kind of dangerous, or something to that effect.
It's kind of dangerous over there but they just generally say it's themselves.
It's kind of sad actually like they kind of made it seem like we were the goblins under the bridge, you know, and i'm like well, damn you know, and this is maybe I shouldn't admit this but at 1 point
I started telling people wrong diaries. They asked me? for direction i'm like, Oh, where do you want to go? You want to go to orchestra?
It is that way, and I point right to the pjs and they're like, Okay, thanks.
I think you know, and then I see them as with somebody else.
Am I getting you better at somebody else. but i'm in you straight.
So where you're gonna get it? you know but I stopped doing that? Because I want to understand First, I have to ask you.
What do you think are the boundaries of the Lower East Side like geographically, where the streets half on me?
Yeah for you, because everybody has a different aspect of what they think.
It goes from here to here. What is it for you include the I include Chinatown and I include little Italy.
Okay, because I think it's you know if I can walk to it in 15 min.
I think that's the only I would say from obviously all the housing products along the whole of the lower East side up into Smith.
So that's like South Street Seaport like wiper, 4, south, 3, seaport, all the Brooklyn Bridge all the way up to maybe Fourteenth Street.
There. But people don't consider that people consider that the East village Yeah, What's your take on that some people think there's now 2 separate neighborhoods like lower East side and that's that's I think that's only because of the new people coming in
because that will I don't think I think everybody I mean people who are from here maybe just to me.
Yeah, the East village is just an extension of some Low East Side to me, and that name is like a real estate invention.
Exactly. exactly. So it's like Okay, so we've got this huge neighborhood, right with these big boundaries.
So do all the people that live inside those streets. Do they form one Lower East Side community?
And I guess for you to answer that I have to ask you.
Community means you. How do you define that? What does it mean?
Community means to me clinics that I in the area.
Yeah, you know, post offices, you know the stores the people the culture as many causes as they are in the Low East Side.
I can't even name but you know what i'm saying I can't even name?
I mean, I think that we are in his. in history. The Lower East Side has been a place to immigrants from people to start off. You know what I mean.
Yes. Well, I just that's what I think community community is family community is I know your mother, so i'm a teller when I saw you I saw you cut in that's community.
Right so me just knowing seeing the familiar faces that you've seen since you were a child.
You know what I mean. What about all these new people moving in Are they part of the Lower East Side?
I feel like they are visiting, I think they're visitors I think that in a couple of years, when they're ready to raise their children, or whatever case, maybe I think they're going to move up out of here or the people who are
here are going to be moved out The People who've been here are going to be moved out. I definitely know there's a disconnection, not even chemistry anymore.
Pitch Street. Unfortunately, once you hit pitt street it's a whole nother life.
It's all cuz I did a study with my not a study.
But my kids that are community serve it gentrification a lot of people didn't know what gentrification even was.
They didn't even know that they were being affected by it.
But once you hit this street right here, the answers on this side were totally different than that on the side.
Obviously the people on this side were like what yeah, this community is going through justification on the other side.
No, there's no other just forification everything. is great and you know we go to. You want to go to drink at the bar that the Mini bar that that's on this black.
So even on the street. No, you really it's really is mind-boggling like what? because I told you I lived in Brooklyn.
I live in a Bronx by even coming back from Brooklyn when I was 19 years old, to come to get a job at the beacon.
Yeah, it was solely different then, and that was there.
I say that was 10 years ago. Yeah. So within the last 10 years.
So get these buildings going up. this blue building off. It was already changing before that. and when people don't realize is all of these things are in plans and work.
Say people have been planning this for the last 15 to 20 years.
They wanted this to rezoning and all of these things that happened.
This didn't just happen overnight the thing is people didn't get the signs, but it was happening.
So if there's a big difference between us and them Yes, it's all gonna be a difference between a poor and a rich always, no matter where you are, you could be in low East Side.
You could be in Mississippi you could be in Los Angeles.
You could be in chicago that's always going to be the low in the rich, the low class and the higher class is always going to be 2 groups coexist i'm together.
I'm not even just coexist I mean can they come together.
Yeah, the only way, I think for them for us to come together is we have to have some type of common ground, you know, and if people who live in the housing projects don't think they have anything common, or they think the people who live
in the car are better than them they're not going to even think so.
You know what i'm saying, try to come together, you have people coming from 2 different walks of life, and if hopefully, if we can make it, I don't know. have some type of conference, or we could have just a town hall, meeting or a whole
new side meeting, and people come out and talk. Maybe we could make moves toward that. But I just feel like there's going to be a lot of tension there, you know.
I mean because you have people who live in Louisiana all their lives, and and feel that the gentrification is actually good for us.
And you know, but at the same time, for organizations like mine, like this organization.
Here we are getting budget cuts because they don't see the need anymore, because the income bracket has gone up.
So if you got all these and they're not counting the people who still live in the projects you know what I'm saying who live in these tenement houses, they're not counting then they're counting all these people who live in that blue, building
who's paying them $15,000. a month. a way they want to pay people who have money to do that I just don't understand where they're coming from.
Like there's seem to be so many of them they come I mean so many of them is not It's not That's not even that's an understatement.
Yeah, it's an understanding that you i'm sure you've hung out here on a Friday night.
Al-qaeda i'll just walk through going to the on my way to the train station is flooding It's a lot of people throwing up, and my kid also school right here, and you you know one day I told me
the story that she was walking, and some some lady was walking her dog in a school yard during the school day.
You know the dog is defecating urinating okay it's like 11 o'clock kids go to the about recess, you know, so started screaming at her.
Some at the ladies start screaming at her. This poor woman is getting attacked right so like I lived here, too.
I never tune Oh, and we're like no you're a visitor, because you're not Cuz.
If you had any sense of this was your neighborhood I think that's the issue.
They don't think of it as their neighborhood. They Think of it as their hot spots, like like the email stated that I just told you.
Oh, you can hang out your single You can have a good time So what does that mean?
They're building a hotels, too. Okay, so let me ask your opinions about housing and development.
And then in particular, because one issue that goals and me or working on is this the parking lots that are just south of Delan Sea by the Windsor bridge, too familiar with those it's an urban renewal
site, and if you know It's been vacant for ever so 40 years, they used to have carnivals.
There really. So I always ask people it's a huge area of land, the biggest area undeveloped in Manhattan, south of 96, 3, or something.
If it were up to you blank slate, what would you want to see developed in a big plot of land like that in the middle of your community?
What do you think is needed here? Damn: showing another boutique?
Yeah, it's hot for me now, because I don't live here. Yeah, you know.
But a hospital, perhaps. Okay, because we don't have any hassles in this immediate area. You have to go up to 14 Street, Sixteenth Street, or you have to go south to Beacon Hospital.
There's no hospital here, so somebody needs medical care that could be a hospital, and it's right off the bridge. Yeah, you know.
But that might be an issue, too, because of the traffic space.
A lot of the issues that people, not being able to agree, has been about housing, building, housing, and it would be built. Is it going to be affordable housing Exactly.
Is there going to be another blue building exactly exactly so what's sort of what you take on that like?
Do you think there should be? There needs to be Housing Bill?
Of course, of course. So for low income mid income, people who can.
You know people who work every day yeah people who don't have private jet services to do.
Don't have you know Mercedes bins is like 4 or 5 of them.
You know what I mean. working people, People who live in a community so they don't have to.
People who move out of community because of necessity, because they can find anything here who work here like myself. right?
I live all in East New York Yeah, you know because I wasn't able to find housing over here, and if I don't know how long that I did find was above my income.
Now, do you like models that are all low income or a mix mixed housing?
That's sort of a newer concept like you put low moderate middle on the same complex which one of those strikes you better, I would say, mixed.
But we had this. Be careful with that, because sometimes those upper class people get up in there and out of time. But even when you apply for subsidized housing, it says only 4 units are available, you should be reversed it should only
be 4 years available for the upper income and more of units available for lower, low income.
I mean, I think i'm one of them yeah I have a job.
I have an annual salary, but I still am I making a 1,000 $100,000 a year, either. you know.
So yeah, I'm a student i'm definitely long ago what about building height.
Also something people really permitted about do you think that there's something that's too tall for this community. Think it's like, for instance, that site we're gonna be developed. would you think there is a cat there should be a cap Well, the
building. That's right on the same block, both the build all the buildings that are on the same block at least the over 15 stories.
The school park extension. and yeah they're over the over 50 So I wouldn't. I would say that it doesn't make sense that there above the highs both, you know highest floor something like that would be okay with this
housing. Yeah, not if it's a hotel yeah you don't need that.
You don't need hotels, we need housing so if it's housing.
Yes, how do we call people who I actually need it Yes, and you'd be willing to go higher if it meant more.
Yeah. but at the same time it might, if I perpetuate the whole project, mentality or whatever the case may be.
So it just depends on how high you go, like, Maybe, in my opinion, maybe no hide in 10 flights.
Yeah, you know what I mean, because 10 at that'll do enough of people, but it's not going to be like you can see that building above all the buildings. the whole skyline you should see some of them just stick out like that
odd blue building, or even it doesn't even look like it's 30. I wouldn't want to live there, but I would think it's going to lean over something like lean back for real like i'm good but no
housing definitely. But if it's for anything any type of commercial business, anything like that, I don't think it's necessary like if they decide to put a movie theater or something like that like we don't need enough what are you
trying to blind us for what's really going on like give me what I need.
Don't give me what you think I want and don't give me what you think I need give me what I need.
Yeah. So housing definitely. Okay, So you already mentioned this that in the history of the Laurie side is really that a place where a lot of people move to start over start fresh start a new life.
And i'm wondering if you think It's still a place where people can do that.
Hmm. Yes and no, because I would think that a lot of the people who are moving in now. I think I guess they think they're starting over it.
They're starting over for them. Yeah, you know what I mean but if you're already coming from affluent families.
If you already have money you really are just looking for different locations where it's hot, you know, right it's not like he just came up a boat and you left all your family behind, and you need to send them money you know It's not
the same type of situation. so I wouldn't say I would say if you're coming from a high income bracket this isn't a starting over place for you this is a starting over place for people who need to start over who need
to consulate who need that second chance. you don't if you don't need a second chance.
You know You're just here because the boutiques and the people that do need a second chance. don't get it. They're not. They get shipped out to where I live in East New York or stand Island or any other
other developments that they're building up now the low income Bob Bloomberg, You know all.
If you notice a lot of them in the bronx and in East New York, Brooklyn, then you know they're never here, and if they when they are down here or something like that it's like I said before
it's 4 units for low income available 9 units available, you know. Do you think it's important people who move into the neighborhood, or even you were just talking about some of your youth?
Maybe it's important for people to know something about the rich history of this neighborhood, and does it affect how they relate to their community definitely, really is.
It's such a participants don't know and I try to do my best.
Let them know to educate them. Yeah, because once you get you get a sense of pride like really to happen here, you know It's like it just connects you.
So your community even more you're even more indebted to it, because it's like, Wow, all of this history came from this this project really like that used to happen here. and I think that and you don't know where you Come
from you know you don't know where you're going you know.
So it's like you could take that with you off i'm proud when I say I don't know what you said. But I was in high school. Nobody even knew where the lower East Side was. you know you Say, Oh, yeah, living all this
time. Where is that that's what I used to get and Then I used to have to sing this on the land Sea Street, Speaker Rick, or whoever that song is by camera?
So people knew where I was talking about. Now everybody knows what the Lancy Street is now.
Everybody knows what Orchard Street is now, people Google stores. that are on stacking, you know what I mean Now it's like, Oh, you're looking at the whole East Side, and then, when I take them to the project
They're like, Oh, you live in a louisa no I don't live over here.
My grandmother lives over here. So it's like that whole? It's like that whole thing of now the name is so high stuff that everybody wants to be out here.
Yeah. But why is it so hyped up? Is it because of the people who are moving in here now?
Or or should it be hyped up because of the people who have been here?
The the rich rich histories that we have here like If you interview any of the elderly people you see walking down the street.
They're gonna give you a whole other side of it you know like my grandma when she told me.